offline support: cache webpack assets using service worker (#2202)
plone/volto: docs/source/deploying/performance.md

---
html_meta:
  "description": "How to improve performance of applications built around Volto stack"
  "property=og:description": "How to improve performance of applications built around Volto stack"
  "property=og:title": "Performance"
  "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, optimizations"
---

# Performance

> 

Reviewer: Let's add an introduction. A heading without content makes me sad.

```suggestion

This chapter describes several methods to improve the performance of your Volto application.

```

Author: ✅

---
html_meta:
  'description': 'How to improve performance of applications built around Volto stack'
  'property=og:description': 'How to improve performance of applications built around Volto stack'
  'property=og:title': 'Performance'

>   'keywords': 'Volto, Plone, frontend, React, optimizations'

Reviewer: Please do not change `"` to `'`. Revert.

If you change the title here, you also must change the title below on line 9.

The description and keywords should be align with the entire page. I don't think your changes do that.

Overall, I don't see an improvement with the above changes.

Author: @stevepiercy From what I see is, the page will be intended for all types of performance improvements, "not just critical css"!

Author: > Please do not change " to '. Revert.

Ah, my editor. Again...

want to implement this type of scenario, look at
[Penthouse](https://github.com/pocketjoso/penthouse) and override the
`settings.serverConfig.readCriticalCss` function with your own implementation.

> # caching webpack assets and prefetch using a service worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Caching webpack assets and prefetch using a service worker
```

> In production environments sometimes we get this nasty "ChunkLoadError" or "Failed to load chunk". This error originates when a chunk changed its name based on the content and when a browser requests it, the old chunk would not be there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In production environments, sometimes we get error messages "ChunkLoadError" or "Failed to load chunk".
This error originates when a chunk changed its name based on the content and when a browser requests it, and the old chunk would not be there.
```

> The idea is to cache chunknames using a worker and let the user to load it from `cache first` to avoid the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea is to cache chunk names using a worker and let the user load it from `cache first` to avoid the error.
```

> Volto uses [offline-plugin](https://github.com/NekR/offline-plugin) which is a webpack plugin to provide PWA support for projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Volto uses [offline-plugin](https://github.com/NekR/offline-plugin), which is a webpack plugin to provide PWA support for projects.
```

> It creates a `sw.js`(by default) service worker file on the build time, which have all webpack assets output as minified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It creates a service worker file with the default name of `sw.js` at build time, which minifies all webpack assets.
```

want to implement this type of scenario, look at
[Penthouse](https://github.com/pocketjoso/penthouse) and override the
`settings.serverConfig.readCriticalCss` function with your own implementation.

(caching-webpack-assets-label)=
## Caching webpack assets and prefetch using a service worker

> In production environments, sometimes we get error messages "ChunkLoadError" or "Failed to load chunk". This error originates when a chunk changed its name based on the content and when a browser requests it, and the old chunk would not be there.

Reviewer: One sentence per line, please, per https://6-dev-docs.plone.org/contributing/writing-docs-guide.html#abridged-plone-documentation-styleguide

```suggestion
In production environments, sometimes we get error messages "ChunkLoadError" or "Failed to load chunk".
This error originates when a chunk changed its name based on the content and when a browser requests it, and the old chunk would not be there.
```

Author: Done
